chore(main): release 0.35.0 (#836)
nodejs/corepack: CHANGELOG.md

# Changelog

## [0.35.0](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/compare/v0.34.7...v0.35.0) (2026-05-15)

### ⚠ BREAKING CHANGES

* **deps:** drop support for Node.js 20 and 25
* **deps:** Switching to built-in proxy support, meaning that setting `NODE_USE_ENV_PROXY` in the env is now required.

> * **deps:** drop support for Node.js 20 and 25

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Drop support for Node.js 20 and Node.js 25.
* Switching to Node.js built-in proxy support, meaning that proxy support is now
  gated by having `NODE_USE_ENV_PROXY` set as an environment variable.
```

### Features

* update package manager versions ([#820](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/issues/820)) ([fdbd751](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/commit/fdbd751d9851a50730925de053e9722963c2e135))

### Bug Fixes

* target node 22.22.2 in esbuild ([#845](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/issues/845)) ([0f01502](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/commit/0f01502fd8832649a573bc68e1851128f547646d))

### Miscellaneous Chores

* **deps:** bump engine support matrix ([88c602a](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/commit/88c602a6ea3f75bf30dc1d071bdb488fae2c8276))

> * **deps:** bump engine support matrix ([#831](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/issues/831)) ([c344b88](https://github.com/nodejs/corepack/commit/c344b887f4b710edbcb9575b72e858d04d57999f))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
